<!-- Generated by documentation.js. Update this documentation by updating the source code. -->

### Table of Contents

-   [Alex][1]
    -   [remember][2]
        -   [Parameters][3]
    -   [forget_all][4]
    -   [materialize_memory][5]
    -   [learn][6]
    -   [predict][7]
        -   [Parameters][8]
    -   [act][9]
        -   [Parameters][10]

## Alex

Main class to interact with Alex

**Meta**

-   **since**: 1.0.0
-   **author**: Maxine Michalski

### remember

Remembers a state/action pair.
Use this method to save state/action pairs, so later they can be used for
learning.
It is important to have a memory filled with pairs BEFORE starting to
learn!
This method also changes an internal variable and IS NOT thread safe.

#### Parameters

-   `state` **[Array][11]** A state of environement to remember
-   `action` **[Array][11]** The corresponding action, taken inside that
    environment.

Returns **Memory** the appended memory object

### forget_all

Empties the `memories` inernal variable and makes Alex forget everything.
This literally removes all memories, permanently!

Returns **[undefined][12]** 

### materialize_memory

Saves memories to disk, so they can be loaded back in later.
This file is fixed and will be loaded on every call to Alex's constructor.
It also saves the current state, so if you made her forget, she saves an
empty array.

Returns **`true`** when no error occured.

### learn

Learns from past memories.
This method is the base for any learning and will run asynchronously.

Returns **[Promise][13]** that will be resolved with a learning historu.

### predict

Takes in a(n array of) state(s) and returns a(n array of) prediction(s).

#### Parameters

-   `i_states` **[Array][11]** An array of states, to make predictions for.

Returns **[Promise][13]** to be resolved with predictions for every state.

### act

Acts in the environment.

#### Parameters

-   `states` **[Array][11]** Array of states, to be fed into `predict()`
-   `func` **[Function][14]** Function to be called with the result of
    `predict()`

Returns **[undefined][12]** 

[1]: #alex

[2]: #remember

[3]: #parameters

[4]: #forget_all

[5]: #materialize_memory

[6]: #learn

[7]: #predict

[8]: #parameters-1

[9]: #act

[10]: #parameters-2

[11]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Array

[12]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/undefined

[13]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Global_Objects/Promise

[14]: https://developer.mozilla.org/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/function
